Don't go, don't go, my house is dead haha
Ah!
Last time
Help Grandpa with the accident in our East Garden
I heard that you went to heal yourself
Yes
After all, it's far east of us.
My medical skills are still okay
I am naturally big about what Master Guan said here.
Hahaha senior
See if you can introduce me to one too.
This
old man
Well, you also know that Master Guan's identity is fake and expensive?
We can't do this in Dongyuan.
How could Master Guan stay here for so long?
young master
Dad, let me take a look
Hey
Yao Tao, what are you doing? I took out your dad
We can move the grave
Start shaking your head, don't mess around
Bring your ID
Yang Ming
Today is a great day for my Liang family to worship their ancestors
What are you doing here?
Don't mess around, I'll tell you
Don't leave me I beg you
Don't go, I promise you everything, don't go